Nowadays, owning a luxurios bathroom does not represent a dream anymore, but the way you take care of it and you 
keep it cleaned is still a concern. Your bathroom requires a high maintenance to reflect the comfort you always
wanted. To accomplish this, a professional team and high quality solutions are required and this is not easy to 
find. What is the answer for all this problems? HCC company. We pay so much attention to details so if you really 
want your bathroom to shine, we can help you. Our business offers the best solutions on market and the most efficient
team at competitive prices.  
/*end*/
Kitchen cleaning might be one of the most hated chores on the to-do list but the importance of it is undeniable.
We aim to match all the needs perfectly in order to obtain the best results for our customers. We offer deep cleaning
for all the objects in your kitchen like: oven, cooker, fridge, sink, microwave. The detergents and the equipment have
the best quality on the market so you don't have to worry about anything. Leave everything in our care and you will not
regret it! HCC does the best job!
/*end*/
The days of travelling to a car wash location and waiting for your vehicle to be spotless are now done! HCC company offers you
the opportunity to save this time doing something beneficial for you, while we take good care of your car.
A member of our team will come to your home or office, take your car and bring it back to you shining. Our services include: 
complete exterior hand wash, interior and exterior windows cleaning, seats, carpets, & floor mats vacuuming, rim & tire cleaning
and other services requested by the clients. 
/*end*/
Heavy dirt deposits on your floor are so hard to be removed? HCC company has the solution. We come with the most advanced equipment
on the market for our clients: the floor machine scrubing. This will offer you the results you wanted for a long time without affecting
the floor. We use ECO solutions and a reduced water system in order to obtain a reaction that will remove all the existent stains.
The traditional cleaning methods such as mops and buckets are now gone forever!
/*end*/
Full house package offers a wide variety of services from washing dishes to folding 
clothes, cleaning balcony or even polishing the floors. We can agree on a list of
services you may want when you contact us. Also, we can establish a program and a 
timetable when you want us to come in help.
The full list of servicies includes:
1.washing dishes 
2.cleaning the inside of the refrigerator
3.cleaning the inside of the microwave
4.cleaning the inside of the stove
5.watering the flowers and cleaning the dust out of them
6.mounting/removing curtains, drapes
7.change the bed lined set
8.cleaning bed mattress on both sides
9.removing the dust from furniture using antistatic solution
10.cleaning and washing stairs, terraces and the elevator
11.cleaning, washing and disinfecting toilets
12.cleaning and disinfecting latches, phones, mouse and keyboard from pc
13.cleaning air conditioners
14.supply of consumables for bathrooms: liquid soap, toilet paper, bags
15.remove all garbage
16.room ventilation and use of fragrances
17.cleaning and washing doors
/*end*/
Clothes cleaning and ironing service involves us comming to your house/office to pick
up your clothes in order to make your life easier. You can call us any time you wish and
we will come and pick up to 20 kg of clothes. 
We will take care of your laundry with professionalism, taking into consideration the 
labels. We use the best detergents that can remove any stain without damaging the material.
After cleaing, every piece of clothing is ironed with care at a safe temperature depending
on the material.
/*end*/
Our professional office cleaning services is adapted to meet the needs of each location, 
regardless of its size, ranging from a few tens of sq. m to a space of several 
thousand-sq. m. Staff Cleaning offers flexible packages: day-to-day cleaning, 
once-a-week cleaning service, or 2-3 days per week office cleaning; depending on
your needs.
The list of services included:
1.cleaning workspaces
2.cleaning and disinfecting toilets
3.disposal of all trash
5.vacuuming the entire office surface
6.window cleaning, door cleaning
7.cleaning the area at the entrance and reception
8.cleaning and disinfecting door handles, phones and switches
9.kitchen cleaning including sinks, microwaves, toasters, refrigerators
10.cleaning and dusting furniture
11. cleaning of air conditioners
12. refill the liquid soap, freshener and paper towels
/*end*/
Trying to keep your house clean when you are a pet owner can feel like an uphill battle.
Our company uses cleaning products that were designed with the health of people and pets 
in mind. They are 100% natural, vegan and, unlike a lot of green cleaners, work really well.
Our company provides special services for pet owners, including cleaning litter boxes, 
washing and drying food and water dishes, and even letting dogs out for a bathroom break 
— a big help if you are at work during the day.
We strive to make pet owners feel comfortable by sending the same person every visit, 
so your pet can develop a relationship with our stuff.
/*end*/
Our professional window cleaning services can improve the look of your home or business. 
Using sophisticated cleaning fluids and time-tested methods, we can offer the most 
advanced window cleaning techniques, ensuring your windows sparkle and shine for maximum 
visibility and curb appeal.
The window cleaning services includes:
1.external and Internal window cleaning
2.pressurized cleaning
3.pole, high ladder and abseiling
4.security and fly screen cleaning
/*end*/